Specify required integer limits (#1328)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/sdk-environment-variables.md

The goal of this specification is to unify the environment variable names between different OpenTelemetry SDK implementations. SDKs MAY choose to allow configuration via the environment variables in this specification, but are not required to. If they do, they SHOULD use the names listed in this document.

If an SDK chooses to support an integer-valued environment variable, it SHOULD support nonnegative values between 0 and 2³¹ − 1 (inclusive). Individual SDKs MAY choose to support a larger range of values.

> 

Reviewer: Not a strong opinion, but I'd leave out "Individual SDKs MAY choose to support a larger range of values." (just to avoid tempting SDKs to do this ;) )

Author: I put that line in so that SDKs wouldn't feel compelled to look through all existing parsing logic to force a smaller range (e.g. if the default is to parse to a 64-bit int).

> If an SDK chooses to support an integer-valued environment variable, it SHOULD support nonnegative values between 0 and 2<sup>31</sup>&minus;1 (inclusive). Individual SDKs MAY choose to support a larger range of values.

Reviewer 2: I think this is a reasonable requirement, it allows every number to fit in a signed 32 bit int.

However, I don't really like the raw HTML in here:

```suggestion
If an SDK chooses to support an integer-valued environment variable, it SHOULD support nonnegative values between 0 and 2³¹ − 1 (inclusive). Individual SDKs MAY choose to support a larger range of values.
```
